feat($theme): Add search box placeholder setting to theme-config (#1834)
vuejs/vuepress: packages/docs/docs/theme/default-theme-config.md

For more options, check out [Algolia DocSearch’s documentation](https://github.com/algolia/docsearch#docsearch-options).

### Search Placeholder

> To set placeholder in the search box add the `searchPlaceholder` attribute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define a placeholder for the search box by adding the `searchPlaceholder` attribute:
```
